Chart: fix extra containers docs and remove krb excess if (#20787)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/helm-chart/using-additional-containers.rst

------------------

If you want to deploy your own sidecar container, you can add it through the ``extraContainers`` parameter.

> You can define different containers for the scheduler, webserver, worker, triggerer, flower and Airflow k8s job pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define different containers for the scheduler, webserver, worker, triggerer, flower, create user Job and migrate database Job Pods.
```

I think it makes sense to enumerate the jobs? Thoughts?

Author: @jedcunningham , sure, updated.
